💡 Tips and tricks section (#387)
icub-tech-iit/documentation: docs/tips_tricks/index.md

# :bulb:{.blink} Tips & Tricks

> A list of usual tips and tricks that can help you in your daily work.

Author: ```suggestion
A list of useful and multi-purpose tips and tricks that can help you in your daily work.
```
